# GenAI2024Spring
NTU Course - Generative AI

### [hw1. Identification of Real or AI Generated Materials](./hw1)

Determine whether the provided material is generated by AI
* Covered modality: speech, singing voice, text, image, and video
* 40 questions in total

### [hw2. Article Generation by Prompts](./hw2)

Use AI models to generate & evaluate two essays (EN/ZH)

### [hw3. Creating Your Own Application Using ChatGPT](./hw3)

Use ChatGPT API to give queries and receive response automatically


### [hw4. Become an AI Hypnosis Master](./hw4)

* Design prompts that improve Gemini's accuracy in solving mathematical problems
* Understand how prompts affect the performance of a Large Language Model (LLM)

### [hw5. LLM Fine-tuning](./hw5)

Write Tang poems by word prediction & generation


### [hw6. Learning from Human Preference](./hw6)

Align LLMs to a specific point of view by Direct Preference Optimization (DPO)

### [hw7. Understanding what AI is thinking](./hw7)

* Analyze token importance by gradients
* Give prompts to ask LLMs explaning the generated results

### [hw8. Safety Issues of Generative AI](./hw8)

Examine if LLMs follow harmful in-context examples or answer questions with stereotypes

### [hw9. Quick Summary of a Lecture Video](./hw9)

Use prompt to ask LLMs generating summary of an article (encoded from audio data)

### [hw10. Stable Diffusion Fine-tuning](./hw10)

Fine-tune a Stable Diffusion model to generate customized images from given text description



